feat!: add annotations (#22)
scverse/scverse-misc: CHANGELOG.md

[keep a changelog]: https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.1.0/
[semantic versioning]: https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html

## [0.0.5]

### Added

- The `docstring_style` used by scanpy, `"scverse"`, which looks like `"numpy"` but with no parameter types in the docstring.

### Changed

> - The `Settings` class now requires passing a `docstring_style` argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `Settings` class and the `make_register_namespace_decorator` function now require passing a `docstring_style` argument.
```

Author: ah I intended to revert that part to not break things that use it relying on the default!

but if nothing is released yet that’s fine

Reviewer: I think [you didn't](https://github.com/scverse/scverse-misc/pull/22/changes#diff-67d8c2db67b78f3039d9225f4731c1a51a933d034bafe4407e321f7efb298d1fR167). In any case, I don't think anything except for AnnData and MuData is using that yet and both are using numpy-style docstrings, so I think it's fine

Author: haha sorry! I intended to and think I committed that on another machine and didn’t push it or so

### Fixed

- The `Settings` docstrings longer have `:value: PydanticUndefined` for fields with no defaults.

> - Remove the “default” text from `override` parameters so we don’t imply that `override` resets all settings the user isn’t overriding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
The last version didn't have a "default" text at all, so I think this doesn't need to be in the changelog.

Author: it does! 
<img width="588" height="234" alt="grafik" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1e65deb2-3943-418a-a305-31bf6e22338c" />

Reviewer: Ah true, I was only looking at the `**kwargs`
